OSDOCS-10163: adds IPv6 config to MicroShift (#79226)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-nw-ipv6-concept.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_configuring/microshift-using-config-tools.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-intro-ipv6_{context}"]
= IPv6 networking with {microshift-short}

The {microshift-short} service defaults to IPv4 address families cluster-wide. However, IPv6 single-stack and IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack networking is available on supported platforms.

* When you set the values for IPv6 in the {microshift-short} configuration file and restart the service, settings managed by the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin are updated automatically.
* After migrating to dual-stack networking, both new and existing pods have dual-stack networking enabled.

> * If you require cluster-wide IPv6 access, such as for the control plane and other services, use the following configuration examples. The {microshift-short} Multus Container Network Interface (CNI) plug-in can enable IPv6 for pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you require cluster-wide IPv6 access, such as for the control plane and other services, use the following configuration examples. The {microshift-short} Multus Container Network Interface (CNI) plugin can enable IPv6 for pods.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_configuring/microshift-using-config-tools.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-intro-ipv6_{context}"]
= IPv6 networking with {microshift-short}

> The {microshift-short} service defaults to IPv4 address families. However, IPv6 single-stack and IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack networking is available on supported platforms. When you set the values for IPv6 in the {microshift-short} configuration file and restart the service, settings managed by the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin are updated automatically. After migrating to dual-stack networking, both new and existing pods have dual-stack networking enabled.

Reviewer 2: There might be a note here. When migrating to dual stack existing pods need to be restarted or else they remain with a single ip family. The same applies to services.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Plan for IPv6 before starting {microshift-short} for the first time because converting a cluster to and from single and dual networking stacks is not supported. Each {microshift-service} cluster network and service network allows only one value and the value cannot be changed after the service starts for the first time.

Reviewer 2: What we do not support is switching between ip families. For example, start a cluster in ipv4 and then changing all ip addresses and cidrs to ipv6. We do support up to two values in the cluster and service network config parameters, but that is dual stack only.

====

> //Are we supporting migration? I see both in the Jiras

Reviewer 2: We do, that is part of the dual stack implementation. This will be included in the ipv6 doc once all the PRs are merged (they are already open).
